[SDCI-1909] Add job failure analysis for Azure Pipelines (#33039)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/gitlab.md

#### CI jobs failure analysis

> If job logs collection is enabled, CI Visibility uses LLM models to compute the analysis for failed CI jobs based on relevant logs coming from Azure Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If job logs collection is enabled, CI Visibility uses LLM models to analyze failed CI jobs based on relevant logs coming from Azure Pipelines.
```
